fix: host capabilities specifications (#182)
kubewarden/docs: docs/writing-policies/spec/host-capabilities/02-signature-verifier-policies.md

  # mandatory: image URI to verify
  "image": string,
  # PEM-encoded certificated used to
  # verify the signature.
  # The certificate is UTF-8 encoded.
  # Each byte is a UTF-8 rune.

>   "certificate": [byte(int), ..., byte(int)],

Reviewer: I agree with this.

>   # PEM-encoded certificated used to
>   # verify the signature.
>   # The certificate is UTF-8 encoded.
>   # Each byte is a UTF-8 rune.
>   "certificate": [byte(int), ..., byte(int)],

Reviewer 2: I agree with the others, what about something like that:

```suggestion
  # Certificated used to
  # verify the signature.
  # Array of bytes containing the PEM
  # encoded certificate.
  "certificate": [byte],
```

  # Optional - certificate chain used to
  # verify the provided certificate.
  # When not specified, the certificate
  # is assumed to be trusted.
  # The certificate is UTF-8 encoded.
  # Each byte is a UTF-8 rune.
  "certificate_chain": [
    [byte(int), ..., byte(int)],
    ...

>     [byte(int), ..., byte(int)]

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion applies here
